fix: only allow team slug support in `--gh-team-allowlist` by dropping support for ambiguous team names (#5510)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/server-configuration.md

### `--gh-team-allowlist`

  ```bash
  atlantis server --gh-team-allowlist="myteam:plan, secteam:apply, devops-team:apply, devops-team:import"
  # or
  ATLANTIS_GH_TEAM_ALLOWLIST="myteam:plan, secteam:apply, devops-team:apply, devops-team:import"
  ```

>   In versions v0.35.0 and later, the GitHub team name can only be a slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In versions v0.35.0 and later, the GitHub team name can only be a slug because it is immutable.
```

>   In versions v0.34.0 and below, the GitHub team name can be a name or a slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In versions between v0.21.0 and v0.34.0, the GitHub team name can be a name or a slug.
```
